required extensions found: gd, zip, zlib, json, tokenizer, pcre, mbstring, openssl, ctype, soap, libxml, curl, xmlreader
additional pcre checks successful
additional SourceGuardian checks successful
additional extensions found: Core, date, filter, hash, Reflection, SPL, session, standard, apache2handler, SourceGuardian, oci8, bz2, calendar, dom, exif, fileinfo, ftp, gettext, iconv, ldap, PDO, Phar, posix, shmop, SimpleXML, sockets, sqlite3, sysvmsg, sysvsem, sysvshm, xml, xmlwriter, xsl, PDO_OCI, pdo_sqlite, wddx
SourceGuardian loader version found: 11.3
SourceGuardian encoder version used: SourceGuardian 11.3.1 Encoder (built: Jul 9 2019 17:29:18)
_______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

GeoIP.x86_64                                                                1.5.0-14.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
PyYAML.x86_64                                                               3.10-11.el7                                                     installed
acl.x86_64                                                                  2.2.51-15.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
alsa-lib.x86_64                                                             1.1.8-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
apr.x86_64                                                                  1.4.8-5.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
apr-util.x86_64                                                             1.5.2-6.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
atk.x86_64                                                                  2.28.1-2.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
audit.x86_64                                                                2.8.5-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
audit-libs.i686                                                             2.8.5-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
audit-libs.x86_64                                                           2.8.5-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
audit-libs-python.x86_64                                                    2.8.5-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
authconfig.x86_64                                                           6.2.8-30.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
autoconf.noarch                                                             2.69-11.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
automake.noarch                                                             1.13.4-3.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
avahi-libs.x86_64                                                           0.6.31-20.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
basesystem.noarch                                                           10.0-7.el7                                                      installed
bash.x86_64                                                                 4.2.46-34.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
bc.x86_64                                                                   1.06.95-13.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
bind-export-libs.x86_64                                                     32:9.11.4-16.P2.el7_8.6                                         @RHEL7-latest
bind-libs.x86_64                                                            32:9.11.4-16.P2.el7_8.6                                         @RHEL7-latest
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                                                       32:9.11.4-16.P2.el7_8.6                                         @RHEL7-latest
bind-license.noarch                                                         32:9.11.4-16.P2.el7_8.6                                         @RHEL7-latest
bind-utils.x86_64                                                           32:9.11.4-16.P2.el7_8.6                                         @RHEL7-latest
binutils.x86_64                                                             2.27-43.base.el7_8.1                                            @RHEL7-latest
bzip2.x86_64                                                                1.0.6-13.el7                                                    installed
bzip2-libs.i686                                                             1.0.6-13.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                                           1.0.6-13.el7                                                    installed
ca-certificates.noarch                                                      2020.2.41-70.0.el7_8                                            @RHEL7-latest
cairo.x86_64                                                                1.15.12-4.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
checkpolicy.x86_64                                                          2.5-8.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
chkconfig.x86_64                                                            1.7.4-1.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
chrony.x86_64                                                               3.4-1.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
cloud-init.x86_64                                                           18.5-6.el7_8.5                                                  @RHEL7-latest
cloud-utils-growpart.noarch                                                 0.29-5.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
compat-libcap1.x86_64                                                       1.10-7.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
compat-libstdc++-33.x86_64                                                  3.2.3-72.el7                                                    @RHEL7-optional
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                                                     3.3-10.el7_5                                                    @RHEL7-latest
coreutils.x86_64                                                            8.22-24.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
cpio.x86_64                                                                 2.11-27.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
cpp.x86_64                                                                  4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
cracklib.i686                                                               2.9.0-11.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
cracklib.x86_64                                                             2.9.0-11.el7                                                    installed
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                                       2.9.0-11.el7                                                    installed
cronie.x86_64                                                               1.4.11-23.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                                       1.4.11-23.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
crontabs.noarch                                                             1.11-6.20121102git.el7                                          installed
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                                                      2.0.3-6.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
cups-libs.x86_64                                                            1:1.6.3-43.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
curl.x86_64                                                                 7.29.0-57.el7_8.1                                               @RHEL7-latest
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                                           2.1.26-23.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                                       2.1.26-23.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
dbus.x86_64                                                                 1:1.10.24-14.el7_8                                              @RHEL7-latest
dbus-glib.x86_64                                                            0.100-7.el7                                                     installed
dbus-libs.x86_64                                                            1:1.10.24-14.el7_8                                              @RHEL7-latest
dbus-python.x86_64                                                          1.1.1-9.el7                                                     installed
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                                                  2.33-6.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                                                    2.33-6.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
device-mapper.x86_64                                                        7:1.02.164-7.el7_8.2                                            @RHEL7-latest
device-mapper-event.x86_64                                                  7:1.02.164-7.el7_8.2                                            @RHEL7-latest
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                                             7:1.02.164-7.el7_8.2                                            @RHEL7-latest
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                                                   7:1.02.164-7.el7_8.2                                            @RHEL7-latest
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                                        0.8.5-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
dhclient.x86_64                                                             12:4.2.5-79.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
dhcp-common.x86_64                                                          12:4.2.5-79.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
dhcp-libs.x86_64                                                            12:4.2.5-79.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
diffutils.x86_64                                                            3.3-5.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
dmidecode.x86_64                                                            1:3.2-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
dnsmasq.x86_64                                                              2.76-10.el7_7.1                                                 @RHEL7-latest
dracut.x86_64                                                               033-568.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
dracut-config-generic.x86_64                                                033-568.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                                                 033-568.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
dracut-network.x86_64                                                       033-568.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                                            1.42.9-17.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                                       1.42.9-17.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                                          0.176-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
elfutils-libelf.i686                                                        0.176-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                                                      0.176-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                                                0.176-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
elfutils-libs.i686                                                          0.176-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                                        0.176-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
environment-modules.x86_64                                                  3.2.10-10.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
ethtool.x86_64                                                              2:4.8-10.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
expat.x86_64                                                                2.1.0-11.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
expect.x86_64                                                               5.45-14.el7_1                                                   @RHEL7-latest
file.x86_64                                                                 5.11-36.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
file-libs.x86_64                                                            5.11-36.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
filesystem.x86_64                                                           3.2-25.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
findutils.x86_64                                                            1:4.5.11-6.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
fipscheck.x86_64                                                            1.4.1-6.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                                                        1.4.1-6.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
fontconfig.x86_64                                                           2.13.0-4.3.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                                              1.44-8.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
freetype.x86_64                                                             2.8-14.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
fribidi.x86_64                                                              1.0.2-1.el7_7.1                                                 @RHEL7-latest
ftp.x86_64                                                                  0.17-67.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
gawk.x86_64                                                                 4.0.2-4.el7_3.1                                                 @sber_rhel7.repo
gcc.x86_64                                                                  4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
gcc-c++.x86_64                                                              4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
gd-last.x86_64                                                              2.3.0-2.el7.remi                                                @remi-safe
gdbm.x86_64                                                                 1.10-8.el7                                                      installed
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                                          2.36.12-3.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
geoipupdate.x86_64                                                          2.5.0-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
gettext.x86_64                                                              0.19.8.1-3.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
gettext-libs.x86_64                                                         0.19.8.1-3.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
giflib.x86_64                                                               4.1.6-9.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
glib2.x86_64                                                                2.56.1-5.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
glibc.i686                                                                  2.17-307.el7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
glibc.x86_64                                                                2.17-307.el7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
glibc-common.x86_64                                                         2.17-307.el7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
glibc-devel.i686                                                            2.17-307.el7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
glibc-devel.x86_64                                                          2.17-307.el7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
glibc-headers.x86_64                                                        2.17-307.el7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
gmp.x86_64                                                                  1:6.0.0-15.el7                                                  @sber_rhel7.repo
gnupg2.x86_64                                                               2.0.22-5.el7_5                                                  @RHEL7-latest
gnutls.x86_64                                                               3.3.29-9.el7_6                                                  @RHEL7-latest
gobject-introspection.x86_64                                                1.56.1-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
gpgme.x86_64                                                                1.3.2-5.el7                                                     installed
gpm-libs.x86_64                                                             1.20.7-6.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
graphite2.x86_64                                                            1.3.10-1.el7_3                                                  @RHEL7-latest
grep.x86_64                                                                 2.20-3.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
groff-base.x86_64                                                           1.22.2-8.el7                                                    installed
grub2.x86_64                                                                1:2.02-0.86.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
grub2-common.noarch                                                         1:2.02-0.86.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
grub2-pc.x86_64                                                             1:2.02-0.86.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                                                     1:2.02-0.86.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
grub2-tools.x86_64                                                          1:2.02-0.86.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                                                    1:2.02-0.86.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                                                  1:2.02-0.86.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
grubby.x86_64                                                               8.28-26.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
gssproxy.x86_64                                                             0.7.0-28.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                                                3.22.30-5.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
gtk2.x86_64                                                                 2.24.31-1.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
gzip.x86_64                                                                 1.5-10.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
hardlink.x86_64                                                             1:1.0-19.el7                                                    installed
harfbuzz.x86_64                                                             1.7.5-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
hesiod.x86_64                                                               3.2.1-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                                                   0.12-7.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
hostname.x86_64                                                             3.13-3.el7_7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
httpd.x86_64                                                                2.4.6-93.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
httpd-tools.x86_64                                                          2.4.6-93.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
httpd24-httpd.x86_64                                                        2.4.34-18.el7.1                                                 @RHEL-7-scl
httpd24-httpd-tools.x86_64                                                  2.4.34-18.el7.1                                                 @RHEL-7-scl
httpd24-libnghttp2.x86_64                                                   1.7.1-8.el7.1                                                   @RHEL-7-scl
httpd24-runtime.x86_64                                                      1.1-19.el7                                                      @RHEL-7-scl
hwdata.x86_64                                                               0.252-9.5.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
info.x86_64                                                                 5.1-5.el7                                                       @sber_rhel7.repo
initscripts.x86_64                                                          9.49.49-1.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
iotop.noarch                                                                0.6-4.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
iperf.x86_64                                                                2.0.13-1.el7                                                    @EPEL7
iproute.x86_64                                                              4.11.0-25.el7_7.2                                               @RHEL7-latest
iptables.x86_64                                                             1.4.21-34.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
iptraf-ng.x86_64                                                            1.1.4-7.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
iputils.x86_64                                                              20160308-10.el7                                                 @sber_rhel7.repo
irqbalance.x86_64                                                           3:1.0.7-12.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
jasper-libs.x86_64                                                          1.900.1-33.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                                                   1:1.8.0.262.b10-0.el7_8                                         @RHEL7-latest
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                                          1:1.8.0.262.b10-0.el7_8                                         @RHEL7-latest
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                                                      1:11.0.8.10-0.el7_8                                             @RHEL7-latest
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                                             1:11.0.8.10-0.el7_8                                             @RHEL7-latest
javapackages-tools.noarch                                                   3.4.1-11.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                                         2.0-11.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
json-c.x86_64                                                               0.11-4.el7_0                                                    installed
kbd.x86_64                                                                  1.15.5-15.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
kbd-legacy.noarch                                                           1.15.5-15.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
kbd-misc.noarch                                                             1.15.5-15.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
kernel.x86_64                                                               3.10.0-1127.10.1.el7                                            @RHEL7-latest
kernel.x86_64                                                               3.10.0-1127.19.1.el7                                            @RHEL7-latest
kernel-headers.x86_64                                                       3.10.0-1127.19.1.el7                                            @RHEL7-latest
kernel-tools.x86_64                                                         3.10.0-1127.19.1.el7                                            @RHEL7-latest
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                                                    3.10.0-1127.19.1.el7                                            @RHEL7-latest
kexec-tools.x86_64                                                          2.0.15-43.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
keyutils.x86_64                                                             1.5.8-3.el7                                                     installed
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                                        1.5.8-3.el7                                                     installed
kmod.x86_64                                                                 20-28.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
kmod-libs.x86_64                                                            20-28.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
kpartx.x86_64                                                               0.4.9-131.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
krb5-libs.x86_64                                                            1.15.1-46.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
ksh.x86_64                                                                  20120801-142.el7                                                @RHEL7-latest
less.x86_64                                                                 458-9.el7                                                       installed
libICE.x86_64                                                               1.0.9-9.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libSM.x86_64                                                                1.2.2-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libX11.i686                                                                 1.6.7-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libX11.x86_64                                                               1.6.7-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libX11-common.noarch                                                        1.6.7-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXau.i686                                                                 1.0.8-2.1.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libXau.x86_64                                                               1.0.8-2.1.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libXcomposite.x86_64                                                        0.4.4-4.1.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libXcursor.x86_64                                                           1.1.15-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libXdamage.x86_64                                                           1.1.4-4.1.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libXext.i686                                                                1.3.3-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXext.x86_64                                                              1.3.3-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXfixes.x86_64                                                            5.0.3-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXft.x86_64                                                               2.3.2-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXi.i686                                                                  1.7.9-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXi.x86_64                                                                1.7.9-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXinerama.x86_64                                                          1.1.3-2.1.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libXpm.x86_64                                                               3.5.12-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libXrandr.x86_64                                                            1.5.1-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXrender.x86_64                                                           0.9.10-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libXtst.i686                                                                1.2.3-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXtst.x86_64                                                              1.2.3-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                                           1.1.4-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libacl.x86_64                                                               2.2.51-15.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libaio.i686                                                                 0.3.109-13.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
libaio.x86_64                                                               0.3.109-13.el7                                                  @RHEL-7.2_x86_64
libaio-devel.i686                                                           0.3.109-13.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
libaio-devel.x86_64                                                         0.3.109-13.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
libarchive.x86_64                                                           3.1.2-14.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
libargon2.x86_64                                                            20161029-3.el7                                                  @EPEL7
libassuan.x86_64                                                            2.1.0-3.el7                                                     installed
libattr.i686                                                                2.4.46-13.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
libattr.x86_64                                                              2.4.46-13.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
libbasicobjects.x86_64                                                      0.1.1-32.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libblkid.x86_64                                                             2.23.2-63.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libcap.i686                                                                 2.22-11.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libcap.x86_64                                                               2.22-11.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libcap-ng.i686                                                              0.7.5-4.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
libcap-ng.x86_64                                                            0.7.5-4.el7                                                     installed
libcgroup.x86_64                                                            0.41-21.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libcollection.x86_64                                                        0.7.0-32.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libcom_err.x86_64                                                           1.42.9-17.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libcroco.x86_64                                                             0.6.12-4.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libcurl.x86_64                                                              7.29.0-57.el7_8.1                                               @RHEL7-latest
libdaemon.x86_64                                                            0.14-7.el7                                                      installed
libdb.i686                                                                  5.3.21-25.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libdb.x86_64                                                                5.3.21-25.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libdb-utils.x86_64                                                          5.3.21-25.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libdrm.x86_64                                                               2.4.97-2.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libedit.x86_64                                                              3.0-12.20121213cvs.el7                                          installed
libestr.x86_64                                                              0.1.9-2.el7                                                     installed
libevent.x86_64                                                             2.0.21-4.el7                                                    installed
libfastjson.x86_64                                                          0.99.4-3.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libffi.x86_64                                                               3.0.13-19.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libfontenc.x86_64                                                           1.1.3-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libgcc.i686                                                                 4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libgcc.x86_64                                                               4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libgcrypt.i686                                                              1.5.3-14.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
libgcrypt.x86_64                                                            1.5.3-14.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
libglvnd.x86_64                                                             1:1.0.1-0.8.git5baa1e5.el7                                      @RHEL7-latest
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                                         1:1.0.1-0.8.git5baa1e5.el7                                      @RHEL7-latest
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                                         1:1.0.1-0.8.git5baa1e5.el7                                      @RHEL7-latest
libgomp.x86_64                                                              4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libgpg-error.i686                                                           1.12-3.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
libgpg-error.x86_64                                                         1.12-3.el7                                                      installed
libgudev1.x86_64                                                            219-73.el7_8.9                                                  @RHEL7-latest
libidn.x86_64                                                               1.28-4.el7                                                      installed
libini_config.x86_64                                                        1.3.1-32.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                                        1.2.90-8.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libmnl.x86_64                                                               1.0.3-7.el7                                                     installed
libmodman.x86_64                                                            2.0.1-8.el7                                                     installed
libmount.x86_64                                                             2.23.2-63.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libmpc.x86_64                                                               1.0.1-3.el7                                                     @RHEL-7.2_x86_64
libndp.x86_64                                                               1.2-9.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                                               1.0.6-1.el7_3                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                                         1.0.1-4.el7                                                     installed
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                                          0.25-19.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
libnl.x86_64                                                                1.1.4-3.el7                                                     installed
libnl3.x86_64                                                               3.2.28-4.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                                           3.2.28-4.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
libpath_utils.x86_64                                                        0.2.1-32.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libpcap.x86_64                                                              14:1.5.3-12.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
libpciaccess.x86_64                                                         0.14-1.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libpipeline.x86_64                                                          1.2.3-3.el7                                                     installed
libpng.x86_64                                                               2:1.5.13-7.el7_2                                                @RHEL7-latest
libproxy.x86_64                                                             0.4.11-11.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
libpwquality.x86_64                                                         1.2.3-5.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
libraqm.x86_64                                                              0.7.0-4.el7                                                     @EPEL7
libref_array.x86_64                                                         0.1.5-32.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libseccomp.x86_64                                                           2.3.1-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libselinux.i686                                                             2.5-15.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libselinux.x86_64                                                           2.5-15.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libselinux-python.x86_64                                                    2.5-15.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libselinux-utils.x86_64                                                     2.5-15.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libsemanage.x86_64                                                          2.5-14.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libsemanage-python.x86_64                                                   2.5-14.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libsepol.i686                                                               2.5-10.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libsepol.x86_64                                                             2.5-10.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libsmartcols.x86_64                                                         2.23.2-63.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libss.x86_64                                                                1.42.9-17.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libssh2.x86_64                                                              1.8.0-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libstdc++.i686                                                              4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libstdc++.x86_64                                                            4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libstdc++-devel.i686                                                        4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                                                      4.8.5-39.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libsysfs.x86_64                                                             2.1.0-16.el7                                                    installed
libtalloc.x86_64                                                            2.1.16-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libtasn1.x86_64                                                             4.10-1.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
libteam.x86_64                                                              1.29-1.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libtevent.x86_64                                                            0.9.39-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libthai.x86_64                                                              0.1.14-9.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libtiff.x86_64                                                              4.0.3-32.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libtirpc.x86_64                                                             0.2.4-0.16.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
libunistring.x86_64                                                         0.9.3-9.el7                                                     installed
libuser.x86_64                                                              0.60-9.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
libutempter.x86_64                                                          1.1.6-4.el7                                                     installed
libuuid.x86_64                                                              2.23.2-63.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libverto.x86_64                                                             0.2.5-4.el7                                                     installed
libverto-tevent.x86_64                                                      0.2.5-4.el7                                                     installed
libwayland-client.x86_64                                                    1.15.0-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libwayland-server.x86_64                                                    1.15.0-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libwebp.x86_64                                                              0.3.0-7.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
libwebp7.x86_64                                                             1.0.3-1.el7.remi                                                @remi-safe
libxcb.i686                                                                 1.13-1.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libxcb.x86_64                                                               1.13-1.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
libxml2.x86_64                                                              2.9.1-6.el7.4                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libxml2-python.x86_64                                                       2.9.1-6.el7.4                                                   @RHEL7-latest
libxshmfence.x86_64                                                         1.2-1.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
libxslt.x86_64                                                              1.1.28-5.el7                                                    installed
libyaml.x86_64                                                              0.1.4-11.el7_0                                                  installed
libzip.x86_64                                                               0.10.1-8.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
libzip-devel.x86_64                                                         0.10.1-8.el7                                                    @RHEL7-optional
libzip5.x86_64                                                              1.7.3-1.el7.remi                                                @remi-safe
linux-firmware.noarch                                                       20191203-76.gite8a0f4c.el7                                      @RHEL7-latest
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                                         1.0.17-2.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                                                      3.4.0-8.20160601gitf9185e5.el7                                  @RHEL7-latest
logrotate.x86_64                                                            3.8.6-19.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
lsof.x86_64                                                                 4.87-6.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
lsscsi.x86_64                                                               0.27-6.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
lua.x86_64                                                                  5.1.4-15.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
lvm2.x86_64                                                                 7:2.02.186-7.el7_8.2                                            @RHEL7-latest
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                                            7:2.02.186-7.el7_8.2                                            @RHEL7-latest
lz4.i686                                                                    1.7.5-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
lz4.x86_64                                                                  1.7.5-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
lzo.x86_64                                                                  2.06-8.el7                                                      installed
m2crypto.x86_64                                                             0.21.1-17.el7                                                   installed
m4.x86_64                                                                   1.4.16-10.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
mailcap.noarch                                                              2.1.41-2.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
make.x86_64                                                                 1:3.82-24.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
man-db.x86_64                                                               2.6.3-11.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
mariadb-libs.x86_64                                                         1:5.5.65-1.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
mc.x86_64                                                                   1:4.8.7-11.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                                          18.3.4-7.el7_8.1                                                @RHEL7-latest
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                                           18.3.4-7.el7_8.1                                                @RHEL7-latest
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                                          18.3.4-7.el7_8.1                                                @RHEL7-latest
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                                        18.3.4-7.el7_8.1                                                @RHEL7-latest
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                                        2:2.1-61.10.el7_8                                               @RHEL7-latest
mlocate.x86_64                                                              0.26-8.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
mozjs17.x86_64                                                              17.0.0-20.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
mpfr.x86_64                                                                 3.1.1-4.el7                                                     @RHEL-7.2_x86_64
msodbcsql.x86_64                                                            13.1.9.2-1                                                      @MSSQL-CLNT
msodbcsql17.x86_64                                                          17.6.1.1-1                                                      @MSSQL-CLNT
mssql-tools.x86_64                                                          17.6.1.1-1                                                      @MSSQL-CLNT
ncurses.x86_64                                                              5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                           @sber_rhel7.repo
ncurses-base.noarch                                                         5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                           @sber_rhel7.repo
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                                         5.9-14.20130511.el7_4                                           @sber_rhel7.repo
net-tools.x86_64                                                            2.0-0.25.20131004git.el7                                        @RHEL7-latest
nettle.x86_64                                                               2.7.1-8.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
newt.x86_64                                                                 0.52.15-4.el7                                                   installed
newt-python.x86_64                                                          0.52.15-4.el7                                                   installed
nfs-utils.x86_64                                                            1:1.3.0-0.66.el7_8                                              @RHEL7-latest
nmap.x86_64                                                                 2:6.40-19.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                                            2:6.40-19.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
nscd.x86_64                                                                 2.17-307.el7.1                                                  @RHEL7-latest
nspr.x86_64                                                                 4.21.0-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
nss.x86_64                                                                  3.44.0-7.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
nss-pem.x86_64                                                              1.0.3-7.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
nss-softokn.x86_64                                                          3.44.0-8.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                                                     3.44.0-8.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                                                   3.44.0-8.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                                          3.44.0-7.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
nss-tools.x86_64                                                            3.44.0-7.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
nss-util.x86_64                                                             3.44.0-4.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
numactl-libs.x86_64                                                         2.0.12-5.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
oniguruma5php.x86_64                                                        6.9.5+rev1-3.el7.remi                                           @remi-safe
openldap.x86_64                                                             2.4.44-21.el7_6                                                 @RHEL7-latest
openssh.x86_64                                                              7.4p1-21.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
openssh-clients.x86_64                                                      7.4p1-21.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
openssh-server.x86_64                                                       7.4p1-21.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
openssl.x86_64                                                              1:1.0.2k-19.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
openssl-libs.x86_64                                                         1:1.0.2k-19.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
os-prober.x86_64                                                            1.58-9.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
p11-kit.x86_64                                                              0.23.5-3.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                                        0.23.5-3.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
pam.i686                                                                    1.1.8-23.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
pam.x86_64                                                                  1.1.8-23.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
pango.x86_64                                                                1.42.4-4.el7_7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
parted.x86_64                                                               3.1-32.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
passwd.x86_64                                                               0.79-6.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
pciutils.x86_64                                                             3.5.1-3.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                                        3.5.1-3.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
pcre.i686                                                                   8.32-17.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
pcre.x86_64                                                                 8.32-17.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
pcre2.x86_64                                                                10.23-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                                          10.23-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-optional
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                                          10.23-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                                          10.23-2.el7                                                     @RHEL7-optional
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                                       1.8.8-8.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
perl.x86_64                                                                 4:5.16.3-295.el7                                                @RHEL7-latest
perl-Carp.noarch                                                            1.26-244.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                                                     2.145-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
perl-Encode.x86_64                                                          2.51-7.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Exporter.noarch                                                        5.68-3.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-File-Path.noarch                                                       2.09-2.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                                       0.23.01-3.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Filter.x86_64                                                          1.49-3.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                                                     2.40-3.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                                       0.033-3.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                                       3.40-5.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                                                     1:1.04-295.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                                                     3.20-4.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                                                      1:3.28-4.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                                       1.63-3.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                                               1.27-248.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Socket.x86_64                                                          2.010-5.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
perl-Storable.x86_64                                                        2.45-3.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                                                    3.28-3.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                                                 3.29-4.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                                                    3.02-2.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                                                      4:1.9725-3.el7                                                  @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-Time-Local.noarch                                                      1.2300-2.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-constant.noarch                                                        1.27-2.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-libs.x86_64                                                            4:5.16.3-295.el7                                                @RHEL7-latest
perl-macros.x86_64                                                          4:5.16.3-295.el7                                                @RHEL7-latest
perl-parent.noarch                                                          1:0.225-244.el7                                                 @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-podlators.noarch                                                       2.5.1-3.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-threads.x86_64                                                         1.87-4.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                                                  1.43-6.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
php.x86_64                                                                  7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-cli.x86_64                                                              7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-common.x86_64                                                           7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-gd.x86_64                                                               7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-json.x86_64                                                             7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-ldap.x86_64                                                             7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-mbstring.x86_64                                                         7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-oci8.x86_64                                                             7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-pdo.x86_64                                                              7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-pear.noarch                                                             1:1.9.4-21.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
php-pecl-zip.x86_64                                                         1.19.1-1.el7.remi.7.3                                           @remi-php73
php-process.x86_64                                                          7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-soap.x86_64                                                             7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php-xml.x86_64                                                              7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-php73
php73-php-common.x86_64                                                     7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-safe
php73-php-gd.x86_64                                                         7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-safe
php73-php-json.x86_64                                                       7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-safe
php73-php-mbstring.x86_64                                                   7.3.23-1.el7.remi                                               @remi-safe
php73-runtime.x86_64                                                        2.0-1.el7.remi                                                  @remi-safe
pinentry.x86_64                                                             0.8.1-17.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
pixman.x86_64                                                               0.34.0-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
pkgconfig.x86_64                                                            1:0.27.1-4.el7                                                  installed
policycoreutils.x86_64                                                      2.5-34.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
policycoreutils-python.x86_64                                               2.5-34.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
polkit.x86_64                                                               0.112-26.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                                                   0.1-4.el7                                                       installed
popt.x86_64                                                                 1.13-16.el7                                                     installed
postfix.x86_64                                                              2:2.10.1-9.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
procmail.x86_64                                                             3.22-36.el7_4.1                                                 @RHEL7-latest
procps-ng.x86_64                                                            3.3.10-27.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
psmisc.x86_64                                                               22.20-16.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
pth.x86_64                                                                  2.0.7-23.el7                                                    installed
pyOpenSSL.x86_64                                                            0.13.1-4.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
pygobject2.x86_64                                                           2.28.6-11.el7                                                   installed
pygpgme.x86_64                                                              0.3-9.el7                                                       installed
pyliblzma.x86_64                                                            0.5.3-11.el7                                                    installed
pyserial.noarch                                                             2.6-6.el7                                                       @sber_rhel7.repo
python.x86_64                                                               2.7.5-88.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python-IPy.noarch                                                           0.75-6.el7                                                      installed
python-babel.noarch                                                         0.9.6-8.el7                                                     installed
python-backports.x86_64                                                     1.0-8.el7                                                       installed
python-backports-ssl_match_hostname.noarch                                  3.5.0.1-1.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
python-chardet.noarch                                                       2.2.1-3.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
python-configobj.noarch                                                     4.7.2-7.el7                                                     installed
python-dateutil.noarch                                                      1.5-7.el7                                                       installed
python-decorator.noarch                                                     3.4.0-3.el7                                                     installed
python-devel.x86_64                                                         2.7.5-88.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python-dmidecode.x86_64                                                     3.12.2-4.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python-ethtool.x86_64                                                       0.8-8.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
python-gobject-base.x86_64                                                  3.22.0-1.el7_4.1                                                @sber_rhel7.repo
python-gudev.x86_64                                                         147.2-7.el7                                                     installed
python-hwdata.noarch                                                        1.7.3-4.el7                                                     installed
python-iniparse.noarch                                                      0.4-9.el7                                                       installed
python-inotify.noarch                                                       0.9.4-4.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
python-ipaddr.noarch                                                        2.1.11-2.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python-ipaddress.noarch                                                     1.0.16-2.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
python-javapackages.noarch                                                  3.4.1-11.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python-jinja2.noarch                                                        2.7.2-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
python-jsonpatch.noarch                                                     1.2-4.el7                                                       @sber_rhel7.repo
python-jsonpointer.noarch                                                   1.9-2.el7                                                       installed
python-kitchen.noarch                                                       1.1.1-5.el7                                                     installed
python-libs.x86_64                                                          2.7.5-88.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python-linux-procfs.noarch                                                  0.4.11-4.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python-lxml.x86_64                                                          3.2.1-4.el7                                                     installed
python-magic.noarch                                                         5.11-36.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
python-markupsafe.x86_64                                                    0.11-10.el7                                                     installed
python-perf.x86_64                                                          3.10.0-1127.19.1.el7                                            @RHEL7-latest
python-prettytable.noarch                                                   0.7.2-3.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
python-pycurl.x86_64                                                        7.19.0-19.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
python-pyudev.noarch                                                        0.15-9.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
python-requests.noarch                                                      2.6.0-9.el7_8                                                   @RHEL7-latest
python-rpm-macros.noarch                                                    3-32.el7                                                        @RHEL7-latest
python-schedutils.x86_64                                                    0.4-6.el7                                                       @sber_rhel7.repo
python-setuptools.noarch                                                    0.9.8-7.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
python-six.noarch                                                           1.9.0-2.el7                                                     installed
python-srpm-macros.noarch                                                   3-32.el7                                                        @RHEL7-latest
python-syspurpose.x86_64                                                    1.24.26-4.el7_8                                                 @RHEL7-latest
python-urlgrabber.noarch                                                    3.10-10.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
python-urllib3.noarch                                                       1.10.2-7.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
python2-boto.noarch                                                         2.45.0-3.el7                                                    @sber_epel7.repo
python2-psutil.x86_64                                                       5.6.7-1.el7                                                     @EPEL7
python2-pyasn1.noarch                                                       0.1.9-7.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
python2-rpm-macros.noarch                                                   3-32.el7                                                        @RHEL7-latest
python2-rsa.noarch                                                          3.4.1-3.el7                                                     @EPEL7
pyxattr.x86_64                                                              0.5.1-5.el7                                                     installed
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                                                     10:2.12.0-3.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                                        3.4.1-3.el7                                                     installed
quota.x86_64                                                                1:4.01-19.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
quota-nls.noarch                                                            1:4.01-19.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
rdma-core.i686                                                              22.4-4.el7_8                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rdma-core.x86_64                                                            22.4-4.el7_8                                                    @RHEL7-latest
readline.x86_64                                                             6.2-11.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
redhat-logos.noarch                                                         70.7.0-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
redhat-release-server.x86_64                                                7.8-2.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
redhat-support-lib-python.noarch                                            0.12.1-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
redhat-support-tool.noarch                                                  0.12.2-1.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rh-php73-runtime.x86_64                                                     1-1.el7                                                         @RHEL-7-scl
rhevm-guest-agent-common.noarch                                             1.0.10-2.el7                                                    installed
rhn-check.x86_64                                                            2.0.2-24.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rhn-client-tools.x86_64                                                     2.0.2-24.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rhn-setup.x86_64                                                            2.0.2-24.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rhnlib.noarch                                                               2.5.65-8.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rhnsd.x86_64                                                                5.0.13-10.el7                                                   @sber_rhel7.repo
rootfiles.noarch                                                            8.1-11.el7                                                      installed
rpcbind.x86_64                                                              0.2.0-49.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rpm.x86_64                                                                  4.11.3-43.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                                       4.11.3-43.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
rpm-libs.x86_64                                                             4.11.3-43.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
rpm-python.x86_64                                                           4.11.3-43.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
rsync.x86_64                                                                3.1.2-10.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
rsyslog.x86_64                                                              8.24.0-52.el7_8.2                                               @RHEL7-latest
scl-utils.x86_64                                                            20130529-19.el7                                                 @RHEL-7-scl
screen.x86_64                                                               4.1.0-0.25.20120314git3c2946.el7                                @RHEL7-latest
sed.x86_64                                                                  4.2.2-6.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
selinux-policy.noarch                                                       3.13.1-266.el7_8.1                                              @RHEL7-latest
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                                              3.13.1-266.el7_8.1                                              @RHEL7-latest
sendmail.x86_64                                                             8.14.7-6.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
setools-libs.x86_64                                                         3.3.8-4.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
setup.noarch                                                                2.8.71-11.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
shadow-utils.x86_64                                                         2:4.6-5.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
shared-mime-info.x86_64                                                     1.8-5.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
slang.x86_64                                                                2.2.4-11.el7                                                    installed
snappy.x86_64                                                               1.1.0-3.el7                                                     installed
sqlite.x86_64                                                               3.7.17-8.el7_7.1                                                @RHEL7-latest
strace.x86_64                                                               4.24-4.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
stress.x86_64                                                               1.0.4-16.el7                                                    @EPEL7
subscription-manager.x86_64                                                 1.24.26-4.el7_8                                                 @RHEL7-latest
subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64                                            1.24.26-4.el7_8                                                 @RHEL7-latest
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.x86_64                               1.24.26-4.el7_8                                                 @RHEL7-latest
sudo.x86_64                                                                 1.8.23-9.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
sysstat.x86_64                                                              10.1.5-19.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
systemd.x86_64                                                              219-73.el7_8.9                                                  @RHEL7-latest
systemd-libs.i686                                                           219-73.el7_8.9                                                  @RHEL7-latest
systemd-libs.x86_64                                                         219-73.el7_8.9                                                  @RHEL7-latest
systemd-sysv.x86_64                                                         219-73.el7_8.9                                                  @RHEL7-latest
sysvinit-tools.x86_64                                                       2.88-14.dsf.el7                                                 installed
t1lib.x86_64                                                                5.1.2-14.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
tar.x86_64                                                                  2:1.26-35.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
tcl.x86_64                                                                  1:8.5.13-8.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
tcp_wrappers.x86_64                                                         7.6-77.el7                                                      installed
tcp_wrappers-libs.x86_64                                                    7.6-77.el7                                                      installed
tcpdump.x86_64                                                              14:4.9.2-4.el7_7.1                                              @RHEL7-latest
telnet.x86_64                                                               1:0.17-65.el7_8                                                 @RHEL7-latest
traceroute.x86_64                                                           3:2.0.22-2.el7                                                  @RHEL7-latest
trousers.x86_64                                                             0.3.14-2.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                                             3.0.9-42.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
tuned.noarch                                                                2.11.0-8.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
tzdata.noarch                                                               2020a-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
tzdata-java.noarch                                                          2020a-1.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
unixODBC.x86_64                                                             2.3.7-1.rh                                                      @MSSQL-CLNT
unzip.x86_64                                                                6.0-21.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
usermode.x86_64                                                             1.111-6.el7                                                     @RHEL7-latest
ustr.x86_64                                                                 1.0.4-16.el7                                                    installed
util-linux.x86_64                                                           2.23.2-63.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
vim-common.x86_64                                                           2:7.4.629-6.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                                         2:7.4.629-6.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
vim-filesystem.x86_64                                                       2:7.4.629-6.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
vim-minimal.x86_64                                                          2:7.4.629-6.el7                                                 @RHEL7-latest
virt-what.x86_64                                                            1.18-4.el7                                                      @sber_rhel7.repo
wget.x86_64                                                                 1.14-18.el7_6.1                                                 @RHEL7-latest
which.x86_64                                                                2.20-7.el7                                                      installed
xfsprogs.x86_64                                                             4.5.0-20.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                                                  1:7.5-21.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                                                 7.5-9.el7                                                       @RHEL7-latest
xz.x86_64                                                                   5.2.2-1.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
xz-libs.i686                                                                5.2.2-1.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
xz-libs.x86_64                                                              5.2.2-1.el7                                                     @sber_rhel7.repo
yum.noarch                                                                  3.4.3-167.el7                                                   @RHEL7-latest
yum-metadata-parser.x86_64                                                  1.1.4-10.el7                                                    installed
yum-rhn-plugin.noarch                                                       2.0.1-10.el7                                                    @sber_rhel7.repo
yum-utils.noarch                                                            1.1.31-54.el7_8                                                 @RHEL7-latest
zabbix-agent.x86_64                                                         4.4.5-2.el7                                                     @zabbix-temp-30
zabbix-get.x86_64                                                           4.4.5-2.el7                                                     @zabbix-temp-30
zabbix-sender.x86_64                                                        4.4.5-2.el7                                                     @zabbix-temp-30
zip.x86_64                                                                  3.0-11.el7                                                      @RHEL7-latest
zlib.i686                                                                   1.2.7-18.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
zlib.x86_64                                                                 1.2.7-18.el7                                                    @RHEL7-latest
zlib-devel.x86_64 
